On April 28, 2017, the High Court of Gujarat issued a temporary restraining order against the Chief Justice of India, Mr.Suresh Nikam, and the Chief Secretary of the State, Mr.Suresh Shah, in connection with a case relating to the alleged illegal transfer of land in the state of Gujarat. The order was issued after the Chief Justice of Gujarat, Mr. Nikam, and the Chief Secretary of the State, Mr. Shah, filed an application before the High Court of Gujarat seeking a temporary restraining order against the Chief Justice of Gujarat and The Gujarat High Court has ordered the arrest of a woman who allegedly forged two sale deeds to sell her property in the name of another person. The court also ordered the arrest of the person who allegedly executed the deeds in the name of the other person. The order was passed on a complaint filed by a woman who claimed that she had become the owner of the property, but that the sale deeds were executed in the name of the other person. The court also ordered the arrest of the person who allegedly executed the deeds in the name of the other person. The High Court has quashed the charges of criminal breach of trust and forgery against a former Director of a state-owned oil company. The court held that there was no case for exercising inherent powers under section 482 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) which provides for an offence of criminal breach of trust. The court also held that there was no case for exercising inherent powers under section 405 of the IPC which provides for an offence of dishonestly inducing delivery of property. The court also held that there was no case for exercising inherent powers under section 482 of the IPC which provides for The Supreme Court has dismissed a petition filed by a man against a lower court order for his arrest in connection with a property dispute. The lower court had ordered the arrest of the accused, who was charged with forgery and cheating under the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act and the Prevention of Money laundering Act. The apex court said that the charges against the accused were not of the same nature as those against the appellant. The court also said that the charges against the appellant were not of the same nature as those against the appellant under the Prevention of Corruption Act. The court said that the The Supreme Court has dismissed a petition filed by a businessman seeking quashing of a criminal complaint filed against him by the Gujarat High Court in connection with a civil dispute. The complaint was filed after the complainant had lost a civil action in the high court. The high court held that the complaint was filed after the complainant had lost the civil action. The high court held that the complaint was misuse and abuse of the process of the court. The high court has now dismissed the petition. The high