The High Court of Justice, New Delhi has set aside the order of the High Court of Justice, Delhi, which had ordered the state government to pay a sum of Rs.1,800,000 to a woman who had filed an affidavit against the state government in a case relating to her divorce. The woman had filed an affidavit in support of a petition filed by one vijaykumar goel before the concerned court in probate proceedings. The court had ordered the The High Court of New Delhi has ordered the State Government to pay a fine of Rs.12,000 to a woman who allegedly forged her father's death certificate. The woman's father had filed a complaint against her in the court of the High Court of New Delhi for allegedly forging his father's death certificate. The complaint alleged that the deceased's father had died on 21.10.2020 and the appellant's father had gone to the funeral home to collect the cremation certificate The Supreme Court of India has ruled that a woman who had signed an affidavit in probate proceedings against the state of North Carolina for allegedly signing a false insurance claim form should be charged under the provisions of the Indian Penal Code.<n>The court held that it was a breach of the provisions of the Indian Penal Code to have signed the form as her daughter. The court also held that it was a breach of the provisions of the Rules of Professional Conduct and Rules of Procedure of the High Court Section 464 of the Companies Act, 2015 provides for penalties for those who commit fraud by means of deceit. Section 463 provides for penalties for those who commit fraud by means of deceit. Section 464 of the Companies Act, 2015 provides for penalties for those who commit fraud by means of deceit. Section 463 of the Companies Act, 2015 provides for penalties for those who commit fraud by means of deceit. Section 464 of the Companies Act, 2015 The court has set aside the conviction and sentence of Dr Vimla, who was found guilty of fraudulently obtaining a car from an insurance company by signing in all the relevant papers as her daughter, nalini. The court has also ordered that the fine against her be refunded to her. The court has also set aside the order of the trial court which had convicted her for the offence. The trial court had directed the filing of a complaint against her without seeking an explanation from her. The The High Court of North Carolina has ordered the State Government to pay a total of 1,16, 2, 3, and 4, , in interest, penalties, interest, and costs to a property owner who had filed an affidavit against the State claiming that she had paid property tax regularly for the past three years. The court also ordered the State Government to return the property tax receipts annexed with