On September 12, 2019, the high court of Madhya Pradesh issued an order restraining the state government from framing charges against a person for allegedly forging documents to get a government contract for constructing 25000 houses for police officials. The order was issued by Justice rajendrakumar srivastava of the high court of madhya pradesh. The order was passed in the wake of a complaint filed by a project engineer of the state housing corporation The state of Madhya Pradesh has filed an appeal against the order of the trial court framing charges against a businessman for allegedly forging his experience certificate to get a tender from the state government. The appeal was filed by the counsel for the state, Sanjay Kumar, on behalf of the accused, Amit Chandrawanshi. The trial court had on September 12, 2019 issued an order framing charges against Chandrawanshi for The High Court of Bombay has ruled that the accused in a forgery case cannot be charged with the offence of attempting to commit an offence punishable with imprisonment for life. The Court held that the accused has not committed the offence of attempting to commit the offence and therefore cannot be charged with the offence of forgery. The Court also held that the accused has not committed the offence of attempting to commit an offence punishable with imprisonment for life. The Court held that the accused has not committed the offence of attempting to commit The Supreme Court has held that the offence of forgery can not lie against a person who has not created or signed the document.<n>The Court held that the offence of forgery can not lie against a person who has not created or signed the document.<n>The Court also held that the offence of forgery can not be committed by a person who has not made or signed the document.<n>The Court held that the offence of forgery can be committed by a person who makes, signs, seals or executes a document or part of a document The High Court of Madhya Pradesh has directed the state government to pay a fine of Rs.12,000 to a businessman who allegedly forged experience certificate to get a tender for installing lift and firefighting system in the state police housing corporation department. The court also directed the state government to take action against the businessman who allegedly forged the experience certificate. The court also ordered the state government to take action against the businessman who allegedly forged the experience certificate. The court said that The Supreme Court has held that the requirement of certificate under section 65-b(4) of the evidence act is procedural and can be relaxed by the court wherever interest of justice so justifies.<n>In the recent pronouncement of hon'ble apex court in the case of shafhi mohd. vs. state of himachal pradesh, the court has held that the requirement of certificate under section 65-b(4) is procedural and can be relaxed by the court wherever