The high court of Gujarat has quashed an application filed by a man against the state of Gujarat for filing a criminal complaint against him in connection with a property dispute. The complaint alleged that the man had sold his property to a company owned by the state of Gujarat for undisclosed amount. The complaint alleged that the man had filed two complaints against the state of Gujarat prior to filing of the complaint. The complaint alleged that the state of Gujarat had filed a criminal complaint against the man in connection with the same property dispute. The complaint alleged that the man had sold his property to the company and had filed two complaints against the state of Gujarat prior to filing of the complaint The Gujarat High Court has set aside the order of the Chief Justice of India ordering the arrest of the Chief Minister of Gujarat for allegedly selling a property without a search report. The Chief Justice of India had ordered the arrest of the Chief Minister of Gujarat for allegedly selling a property without a search report. The Chief Justice of India had ordered the arrest of the Chief Minister of Gujarat for allegedly selling a property without a search report. The Chief Justice of India had ordered the arrest of the Chief Minister of Gujarat for allegedly selling a property without a search report. The Chief Justice of India had ordered the arrest of the Chief Minister of Gujarat for allegedly selling a property without a search report. The Chief Justice of India had ordered the arrest The Court of Appeal has ruled that a person can be charged with making a false document under the provisions of the Criminal Law Act. Section 464 of the Criminal Law Act provides for the offence of making a false document. The Court ruled that the condition precedent for forgery does not relate to any false electronic record. The Court ruled that the first accused, in executing and registering the two sale deeds purporting to sell a property, can be said to have made and executed false documents, in collusion with the other accused. The Court also ruled that the first accused could not be charged with making or executing a false document. The Court ruled that the first accused could be charged with making or executing a The Supreme Court has ruled that a person can be charged with forgery if he makes or executes a document which is not his property, even though he knows that it is not his property .<n>The Court also ruled that a person can be charged with cheating if he makes or executes a document which is not his property, even though he knows that it is not his property .<n>The Court also ruled that a person can be charged with forgery if he makes or executes a document which is not his property, even though he knows that it is not his property .<n>The Court also ruled that a person can be charged with cheating if he makes or executes a document which is not his property On October