The high court of Andhra Pradesh has quashed the criminal charges filed against a travel agency owner and three others by a woman who claimed that she was the lawful owner of a property in the city. The woman claimed that her grandfather had given her the property for a period of nine years in 2003 and that she sub-let it to a travel agency, who continued to use the property against the terms of the lease. The woman claimed that The Hyderabad High Court has quashed a complaint filed by a woman against her father and uncle for allegedly executing a registered sale deed in her favour. The woman alleged that her father and uncle executed a registered sale deed bearing documentashok kumar agarwal and 3 others in his favour. The complaint was filed by the complainant in collusion with a1 and a2 and was referred to the police. The learned counsel for the petitioners submitted that they were not aware of a1 The 2nd respondent made out a prima facie case against the petitioners and prayed to dismiss the petition.<n>The lease agreement for the premises was executed in August, 2003 by mohd. zakeriya in favour of the 1st petitioner - a3 for a period of 9 years on a monthly lease amount of rs.8,000/- with an enhancement of 5% every year on the existing rent. clause 10 of the lease agreement also would show that The Supreme Court has ruled that the execution of sale deeds by first appellant, clearly and obviously do not fall under the second and third categories of false documents'.<n>The learned counsel for the petitioners relied upon the judgment of the hon'ble apex court in MDibrahim v. state of bihar and others v. state of Andhra Pradesh and others v. state of Andhra Pradesh and others, wherein it was held that: " The High Court of Andhra Pradesh has dismissed an appeal by a Hyderabad-based property developer and his three accomplices against charges of forgery and cheating in connection with the execution of sale deeds for a property in the city. The Court held that the accused had not deceived the complainant in any manner by making a false or misleading representation or by any other action or omission. The Court also held that the accused had The Supreme Court has allowed the state of Andhra Pradesh to proceed with the criminal action against a man for allegedly obtaining a land deed by forging signatures of his father. The action was filed by the late father of the late father of the late father of the 2nd respondent in 2008 against the late father of the 2nd respondent for obtaining the sale deed. The court has allowed the state to proceed with the criminal action against the late father of the late father of the 2nd respondent for allegedly obtaining the sale deed. The On March 11,