The high court of the state of West Bengal has dismissed a petition filed by the state's attorney general seeking to quash a criminal complaint filed by a woman against the state's chief judicial magistrate for allegedly forging her signatures in a civil action. The high court has also dismissed the petition filed by the state's attorney general seeking to restrain the court from taking further action against the accused. The high court has also On March 8, 2004, the learned additional chief judicial magistrate, alipore, issued process under sections 463/465/467/469/471 of the Indian penal code against the accused for allegedly forging the signatures of the complainant in the applications filed in the title suit filed by sekhar basu in the court of the same court. The accused has preferred the instant revision application filed by sekhar basu. The accused has alleged that the impugned proceeding is a gross abuse of the process The High Court of West Bengal has dismissed a petition filed by the accused in a case of alleged forgery of an order of injunction issued by the court in a case of a civil action brought by the opposing party. The court held that the accused did not commit the offence of forgery and therefore could not be charged under the provisions of the Indian Penal Code. The court also held that the accused did not commit the offence of intent to defraud The Supreme Court has refused to interfere with the proceedings of a special magistrate in a forgery case. The special magistrate had filed a complaint against a businessman for allegedly forging the signature of a bank account he had opened. The special magistrate had also filed a police report against the businessman. The special magistrate had alleged that the businessman had forged the signature of a bank account he had opened. The special magistrate had also alleged that the businessman had also forged the The High Court of West Bengal has dismissed a petition filed by a former Calcutta High Court judge seeking quashing of a criminal case against him for allegedly forging signatures in an injunction petition filed in the court of the learned civil ...judge (senior division), 2nd court, alipore. The High Court has also dismissed a petition filed by a former Calcutta High Court judge seeking quashing of a criminal case against him for allegedly forging signatures in The Supreme Court of India has ruled that a person can be charged under the provisions of the Indian Penal Code for forging signatures of another person in order to induce a court to believe that that person's signature was genuine. The Court held that the forged signatures of the plaintiff in a title suit brought by him against a person who is the defendant in the suit. The Court held that the accused forged the signatures of the plaintiff in order to induce the learned court to The High Court of West Bengal has dismissed a petition filed by