The high court has issued a temporary restraining order against the prosecution of atul kumar singh tomar and others in the case of alleged illegal transfer of assets worth over Rs.1 crore. The order was issued by Justice Suneetkumar of the Allahabad High Court on November 11, 2020 .<n>The order was issued after the accused and others filed an application under section 482 of Code of Criminal Procedure, The revenue authorities of the state of Madhya Pradesh have filed a complaint against the office bearers of a degree college for allegedly trespassing on the plots of a former member of legislative council. The complaint alleges that the office bearers of the degree college broke the wall of the complainant's plot on 30.06.2008 and broke the wall again on 13.12.2008. The revenue authorities alleged that the college has encroached upon the plots belonging to the The Supreme Court has dismissed a petition filed by a former principal of a private college against the state of Gujarat for allegedly violating the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988. The apex court has also dismissed a petition filed by a former principal of the same college against the state of Gujarat for allegedly violating the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988. The high court has also dismissed a petition filed by a former principal of The Supreme Court has quashed a case filed by a group of investors against the state of Uttar Pradesh for allegedly trespassing on their plots. The investors had filed a complaint against the state for allegedly forging their revenue records. The court held that the complaint was not sufficient to constitute an offence. The investors had alleged that the state had forged their revenue records. The court held that there was no evidence of forgery or the nature of forgery committed by Section 464 of the Companies Act 2006 provides for a penalty of up to five years in prison for a person who makes or executes a false document.<n>The Court of Appeal has ruled that the term "forgery" is not used to refer to a false electronic record. The Court held that the term "forgery" is used to refer to a false document. The Court ruled that the term "forgery" The Supreme Court has ruled that a person can only be charged with an offence of cheating if he or she intentionally induced a person to do or omit to do anything which he would not do or omit if he were not so deceived.<n>The Court held that the third applicant by the act of executing sale deeds in favour of the degree college deceived the complainant in any manner. Therefore, it cannot be said that the third applicant by The High Court of Allahabad has quashed charges of trespass against the accused in connection with a case relating to a plot of land owned by a private university in the city. The accused, who had purchased the land in