The honourable high court of Madras has upheld the conviction and sentence of the former Deputy Superintendent of Police of the Tamil Nadu Police for corruption. The high court has also set aside the conviction and sentence of the former Deputy Superintendent of Police of the Tamil Nadu Police for corruption. The high court has also set aside the conviction and sentence of the former Deputy Superintendent of Police of the Tamil Nadu Police for corruption. The high court has also set aside the conviction and sentence of the former Deputy Superintendent of Police of the Tamil Nadu Police for corruption. The high court has also set aside The Court of Appeal for the Madras High Court has upheld the conviction and sentence of a former assistant elementary education officer and a junior assistant in the assistant educational office for misappropriating over 1 crore from the school provident fund. The Court also upheld the conviction and sentence of a former pay drawing officer for misappropriating over 1 crore from the school provident fund. The Court also upheld the conviction and sentence of a former assistant elementary education officer and a junior assistant in the assistant educational office for misappropriating over 1 crore from the school provident The Kerala High Court has ordered a re-trial in the case of a former Additional Assistant Elementary Education Officer accused of stealing over 1 crore from the school account of a private school in the state. The trial court had convicted the former officer on charges of forgery and misappropriating the money. The court has now ordered a re-trial in the case. The court has directed the prosecution to file a reply within two weeks as to why the conviction should not be set aside. The court has also directed the prosecution to submit a copy of the report of the investigation conducted by The report reveals several financial irregularities inviting department action and criminal prosecution against the appellants herein and others who are subsequently prosecuted.<n>The entry found in the acquittance register is proved to be false entry and the signature forged. Though it is not proved by the prosecution that either a-1 or a-2 has forged the signature of pw-2 [suguna], the proved facts speak otherwise. Though it is not proved by the prosecution that either a-1 or a-2 has forged the signature of pw-2 [suguna], the proved facts speak otherwise. Though it is not proved by the prosecution The High Court of India has confirmed the judgment of the trial court in the case of the alleged illegal transfer of assets of the accused in the form of shares of a company registered in the U.S. in the name of a company in the U.S. and the transfer of shares of the company in the name of a company registered in the U.S. in the U.S. in the U.S. on