The honourable high court of madras has upheld the conviction and sentence of a former deputy superintendent of police in a corruption case. The high court has also set aside the conviction and sentence of a former assistant commissioner of police in a similar case. The high court has also set aside the conviction and sentence of a former assistant commissioner of police in a corruption case. The high court has also set aside the conviction and sentence of The High Court has upheld the conviction of a former assistant elementary education officer and a junior assistant in the assistant educational office for stealing 1 crore from the school fund. The Court also upheld the conviction of a former pay drawing officer for stealing 1 crore from the school fund. The Court also upheld the conviction of a former assistant principal for stealing 1 crore from the school fund. The Court also upheld the conviction of a former The Kerala High Court has ordered a re-trial in the case of a former Additional Assistant Elementary Education Officer accused of stealing over 1 crore from the school account of a school in the year 2003 .<n>The trial court had convicted the former officer, thiru.mathappan, on charges of forgery and misappropriating the money. The Court has now ordered a re-trial in the case. The Court has directed The trial court in the case has found that the accused had forged the signatures of two of his co-accused and had misappropriated a total of rs.3,000/- from the account of a woman who had applied for an advance to meet her family expenses. The court has also found that the accused had misappropriated a total of rs.10,000/- from the account of another woman who was The High Court has ordered the former Chief Secretary to pay back the money allegedly misappropriated from the Employees' Gratuity Fund (EPF) of the Government of India. The order was passed by Justice A. Gopalakrishnan on April 10, 2014 in a case relating to alleged misappropriation of over Rs.2 crore of EPF funds by the then Chief Secretary of the Department of Personnel and Training, Government of India. The The trial court in the case of the alleged scam involving the transfer of over 1 crore of public funds to a private company by the then Managing Director of the Corporation, has found that the signature of the person who signed the register of the account is not the signature of the person who allegedly forged the signature of the person who received the money. The trial court also found that the signature of the person who signed the register The Madras High Court has ordered that the period of sentence already undergone shall be set off under section 428 of the Cr.P.C. 268 index