On September 30, 2016, the Patna High Court issued a temporary restraining order against the Chairman of the East Champaran Juvenile Justice Board, East Champaran, and the Chief Justice of the High Court of Patna for allegedly violating the provisions of Section 302 of the Indian Penal Code and Section 27 of the Arms Act, 1959 by failing to hold an enquiry into the alleged forged school transfer certificate and documents produced by the accused prince  The court of learned sessions judge, east champaran, has dismissed an appeal filed by a man claiming to be the father of a child who was allegedly murdered by a teenaged boy in the village of Behrampur in West Bengal. According to the writ petitioner, in support of his claim to be a juvenile, accused prince raj produced a school transfer certificate of class 5, issued, on 31.12.2009, by the headmaster of government middle school, turka In a recent case, the High Court of Bihar held that an enquiry under section 340 of the Code of Criminal Procedure (C.C.P.) is not warranted when a forged document is filed in a court proceeding. Section 340 of the C.C.P. provides that an enquiry is warranted only when forgery is committed in respect The High Court of Punjab has ruled that a public servant cannot be charged with a criminal offence under the provisions of the Indian Penal Code for providing false information to a court. The court held that the provisions of the Indian Penal Code provide for the prosecution of a public servant who provides false information to a court. The court held that the provisions of the Indian Penal Code provide for the prosecution of a public servant who provides false information to a court. The court held that the provisions of the Indian Penal Code provide for The Supreme Court has ruled that the bar on forgery of a document before it is produced in a court is not applicable to a case where the document was forged before it was produced in the court. The Court held that the bar would be attracted only when the offences enumerated in the bar have been committed with respect to a document after it has been produced or given in evidence in a proceeding in any court The Supreme Court has ruled that the power of a court to make a complaint under Section 340 of the Code of Criminal Procedure (Cr.C.) is not bound to be exercised by the court of a subordinate court. The court, in iqbal singh marwah (supra), held that the language of section 340 shows that a magistrate will lodge a complaint only if the interest of justice requires and not in every case. The court, in iqbal singh mar The High Court has refused to order an inquiry into the alleged forgery committed by the accused-respondents in respect of their age claiming themselves