The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has charged two former officials of the District Magistrate's Office, Ballabhgarh, and two others with fraudulently obtaining government jobs in the district. According to The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has charged a former head clerk of the Eastern Division of the District Development Authority (Dda) and an ex-engineer of the Dda with forging documents The trial of a case involving alleged fraudulent appointment of officers by the Chhattisgarh Police in the 1990s has begun in the High Court of Chhattisgarh. The trial has been conducted by the Judge of the Court of Special Judge, The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has issued an order suspending the registration of the company and its directors. The order was issued in response to an investigation conducted by the Sebi's Anti- The accused, who is currently on trial in a high profile corruption case, has claimed in court that he was a part of a scam in which he and other officers were allegedly appointed on the strength of a On September 30, 2015, the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) filed charge sheet against the accused persons in connection with the alleged theft of over 1 crore of public money from the state government. The In his cross examination, pw1 stated that during his investigation, he might have examined officials lower level then execute engineer who know about the procedure of the transfer. since, head clerk and others are generally The court has directed the accused to appear before the court on June 30 to explain why they were not charged for their alleged role in the alleged scam. The court has also directed the accused to submit a The trial of the case against the accused has begun in the High Court of Gujarat. The trial has been adjourned The U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York announced criminal charges against a New York man for allegedly making false documents in connection with a civil action against him. According to the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, The Supreme Court has ruled that the opinion of a hand writing expert in the context of sections 45 and 47 of the evidence act, 1872, is relevant in the context of a forgery case.<n>In the present case there are direct The Chief Metropolitan Magistrate's Court in the South East District of Assam has convicted two men in connection with the forged documents scam. The accused, mahender singh and dharamvir singh, have been convicted The court has sentenced two men to a total of six months in jail for their involvement in a multi-million dollar scam. The scam involved the transfer of illegal assets to a company