The high court of the state of Rajasthan has dismissed a petition filed by a former ward member of the municipal council of the city of jodhpur seeking a stay on the charges against him for allegedly preparing false documents for the purpose of cheating. The petition was filed under section 482 of the criminal procedure code, 1973 and was dismissed by the high court. The high court also dismissed the appeal filed by the state of Rajasthan against the order of the magistrate of the city of jodhpur, which had framed The High Court of Bombay has quashed the charges of forgery against a ward member for signing an application for issuance of a ration card which was allegedly submitted by a Pakistani spy.<n>The court held that the ward member had signed the application on the basis of an inquiry and had examined the veracity of the contents of the document. The court also held that there was no evidence to suggest that the signature of the Pakistani spy was forged. The court A person is said to make a false document when it is done with dishonest and fraudulent intention, when a part of document is made with the intention of causing it to be believed that such a document was made, signed, sealed, executed, transmitted or affixed by or by the authority of a person by whom or by whose authority he knows that it was not made, signed, sealed, executed or affixed.<n>A person is also said to make a false document when he or she alters a document or an electronic record in any material part thereof, after it has been made, executed or affixed with digital signature either by himself or by any other person, whether such person be living or dead at the time of such alteration; or thirdly, who The application has been printed and issued by the government; it contains parvez's and petitioner's signatures. Therefore, it has not been altered in any of its contents, as printed and published by the government. Therefore, it is not the case of the prosecution that either parvez or the petitioner have altered any part of the application. nor is it the case of the prosecution that they have made, sealed, executed, transmitted or affixed any part of the document. The charge for offence under section 468 of the Companies Act, 2013 could not be framed by the learned magistrate because the first ingredient of the offence is conspicuously missing. Section 471 of the Act also requires the person to fraudulently or dishonestly use as genuine any document which he has reason to believe to be forged. However, in the present case, the petitioner and parvez were not using the application as "genuine", although they knew the application to be "forged. none of the contents in the application were forged as The High Court has quashed and set aside the