On March 17, 2023, the high court of Madhya Pradesh issued an order restraining the Chief Electoral Officer of Madhya Pradesh from taking any further action against the former Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh, Shivraj Singh Chouhan, for allegedly violating the provisions of Section 164 of the Election Act, 2000. The order was issued after the Election Commission of India (ECI) filed an application in the high court of Madhya Pradesh seeking an order restraining Chouhan from taking further action against the former Chief Minister. The ECI's application was filed on March 17, 2023. The high court issued an order restraining Chou The election petition filed by the election petitioner alleges that the returned candidate has suppressed the aforesaid facts by not disclosing same which amounts to fraud and corrupt practice and the aforesaid election be declared as null and void. The election petition also alleges that the returned candidate has not disclosed any information or particulars regarding registration of fir which amounts to fraud and corrupt practice as mandate by provisions of the act of 1951. The election petition filed by election petitioner deserves to be dismissed on this preliminary objection raised by respondent no.1 that mere non-disclosure of information or particulars regarding registration of fir amounts to fraud and corrupt practice as mandate by provisions of the On March 3, 2023, the Election Commission of India (ECI) issued an order suspending the registration of the election petition filed by the candidate for the election to the state legislature of Madhya Pradesh. The ECI's order came after a petition filed by the candidate for the election to the state legislature of Madhya Pradesh seeking suspension of the registration of the election petition filed by the candidate for the election to the state legislature of Madhya Pradesh. The petition alleges that the candidate has deliberately denied the fact on oath or affidavit mentioning that he has no knowledge about the registration of the election petition. The petition further alleges that the election petition is The Election Commission of India (ECI) has issued a notice to the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of the State Election Commission (SEC) seeking explanation as to why the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of the State Election Commission (SEC) did not take action against Govind singh, the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of the State Election Commission (SEC) for failing to disclose his criminal antecedents. The SEC has issued a notice to the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of the State Election Commission (SEC) seeking explanation as to why the Chief Electoral On March 17, 2023, the Election Commission of India (ECI) issued a notice to the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of the State of Madhya Pradesh for alleged forgery of nomination form of Govind singh, candidate for the forthcoming general election for the post of Deputy Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh. The ECI issued the notice after an objection was raised by Mr. Dig