The high court of Madhya Pradesh has ordered the confiscation of a 2.94 acres of land in village sarbahara, naib-tahsildar, raigarh. The land was allegedly owned by rajesh sharma, the heir of a grant father and the father of the father of teevramedh sharma. The land was allegedly owned by purushottam datt sharma, who was murdered 24 to 25 years prior to filing of the complaint and was in possession of the aforesaid land. Teevramedh sharma died in the year 1981 and after his death, the applicant and the brother The Bombay High Court has acquitted a former revenue court judge in a case where he was accused of giving false evidence and producing forged documents before a court. The judge was found guilty of the charges by a lower court in 2000 and was acquitted by a revisional court in 2012 .<n>The court held that the offences punishable under sections 420, 468, 177, 193, 219/34 of the Indian penal code are not covered by section 195 of the code of criminal procedure. The court held that the trial magistrate was not competent to register the complaint against the non-applicants/accused persons. Therefore, the trial magistrate was not The Supreme Court has dismissed an appeal by a man charged with rioting in the aftermath of the 2002 communal riots in which more than 1,000 people were killed. The appeal was filed by the accused, who was charged under the provisions of the Indian Penal Code and the Prevention of Terrorism Act. The court held that the charges against the accused were dismissed on the basis that there was no allegation that the accused committed the offence under the provisions of the Indian Penal Code. The court also held that the accused had not filed an appeal against the dismissal of the complaint against him. The court held that the order of the magistrate first class dated 12-1-1998 dismissing the complaint against him became final The accused persons intended to dupe the state government for the purpose of recording the bhumi-swami rights in their favour in respect of the land in question.<n>The accused persons prepared false or forged documents for being used in a court of law with a view to obtain title to the property in question. Consequently, they intended to dupe the state government for the purpose of recording the bhumi-swami rights in their favour in respect of the land in question.<n>The accused persons also intended to use the forged documents in the court of naib-tahsildar m.r. gayakwad to obtain title to the property in question. The additional sessions court has dismissed a criminal revision filed by two non-applicant nos. 1 to 6 in a case relating to the alleged delivery of property to