On July 16, 2014, the court of the Chief Metropolitan Magistrate, West Bengal, issued a final order acquitting two accused in a case of forgery and criminal conspiracy. The accused, Sunil kumar and his co-accused, mahesh khanna and desh On July 16, 2014, the court of the Honorable Mr. Akil Ahmed of the High Court of Bombay at Mumbai has discharged all the accused except accused mahesh khanna who did not cross-examine pw3 despite opportunity. The court also ordered the accused to pay a fine of The trial court has directed the accused to appear before it again on July 16, 2014 to explain why they were not cross examined by the accused in their own defence.<n>The trial court has also directed the accused to pay a fine of Rs.12,000 each. The trial court has also On July 16, 2014, the court of the special court for the offences of forgery and cheating in the case of Sunil Kumar and his company, Sunil Kumar & Co. Ltd., held the accused guilty of forging the signatures of his father, bindeshwar Kumar, on the documents of The prosecution has proved that signatures of executant bindeshwar are forged but the prosecution has miserably failed to prove that the said false signatures were appended on the documents by accused sunil kumar.<n>The prosecution has miserably failed to prove that the said false signatures were appended on the On July 16, 2014, the State Police filed a charge sheet against Sunil Kumar and others for forging documents to obtain a house in Madipur, West Bengal. The accused, along with other co-accused, allegedly forged documents to obtain a house in Madipur, West Bengal On July 16, 2014, the accused sunil kumar entered the complainant's house in madipur and removed the household articles belonging to lying in the house. The complainant, rajesh kumar, has alleged that the accused has removed the household articles from the house Further it cannot be ascertained that the property which was shown to pw5 during tip was the same which has been produced in the court. the television which was seized from the house of pw9 smt.prem is stated to have been belonging to accused The court has directed the accused to appear before the court on September 10, 2015 to explain why he was not charged in connection with the case. The court has also directed the accused to appear before the court on September 20, 2015 to explain why he was not charged in connection with the case The accused has been acquitted by the court in the case against him. The accused has been charged for committing offences under sections 467, 471, 420, 454, 380 read with section 120b